NBLOAD.EXE is a sample program that demonstrates different ways of loading the
pages of a Notebook control. Since a Notebook can have many pages and each page
is associated with a window, it is important to use a good technique for
creating the windows so that performance is optimized. A notebook with just a
few pages need not worry about different techniques because no matter how the
windows are created and associated with pages, performance will not suffer.

This sample associates a dialog box with each Notebook page. It allows you to
load these dialog boxes 3 ways by a command line parameter.

    Parameter         Technique
    ---------         ---------
        0             Load dialogs on demand (only when the user has selected
                      the page that should be associated with the dialog).

        1             On Demand with timer support. Start a timer. When you
                      get a WM_TIMER message, load the next dialog that hasn't
                      yet been loaded. When all dialogs are loaded, stop the
                      timer. If the user selects a page that has not yet been
                      loaded, load it at that time.

        2             Load all dialogs at program initialization time.

By running the program with different commandline parameters, you will notice
the difference in startup speed vs. page-flipping speed. Actually, I've noticed
that the amount of time that it takes to load the dialog and associate it with
a page really is not a bad performance hit when the user selects a page. But
the time it takes to load all dialogs at program initialization can be bad, so
I choose to create my Notebooks always using a Load-On-Demand technique. I
haven't found the timer technique to be of much benefit.

I wrote this program to test these techniques out. You may want to tailor it
with your own dialogs to test your notebook for performance. In any case, I
hope it will be of some use.

Rick Fishman
Code Blazers, Inc.
4113 Apricot
Irvine, CA 92720

CIS ID: 72251,750

